---
title: About Me
author: Katie Socolow
date: '2018-06-12'
slug: about-me
categories: []
tags: []
---
  Heyo world! I'm $\color{red}{\text{Katie Socolow}}$and I'm a rising third year studying $\color{blue}{\text{mathematical statistics}}$ at the $\color{orange}{\text{University}}$ $\color{blue}{\text{of}}$ $\color{orange}{\text{Virginia.}}$

  I am originally from Westchester County, NY and was raised in Chappaqua with my older brother Kevin, my mom and my dad. Ever since I as a kid I have always loved food and had the STRONGEST sweet tooth in existence. I guarantee that you will not meet anyone else in the world who is as passionate about food as I am. In another life I would love to go to culinary school in Italy, become a pastry chef and open my own 100% gluten free patisserie. 

  Another one of my passions is sports. My dream career is in the budding field of sports analytics. So much of sports can be concretely predicted or understood using data and statistics rather than just left to chance. I find this combination of concepts to be fascinating and I aspire to pave the way for the emergence of this new field. I have already begun my mission to do so as I will be teaming up with UVA's Men's and Women's Varsity soccer teams to create a sports analytics department within the athletics department. I will be acting as the liason between coach and performance analyst, reading and interpretting their data in order to improve the team's success. 

  On Grounds (how UVA students refer to our campus), I am involved in several different organizations and activities. I am on the executive board of Mahogany Dance Troupe, a hip hop club, where I serve as the events coordinator. I am in charge of planning our semesterly showcase and any additional performances, as well as choreographing both small group and large group sets. I am also on the executive board of Relay for Life where I am a member of the Food Committee. Relay for Life is a branch of the American Cancer Society that is dedicated to raising money and awareness for cancer and cancer research. On the food committee, we organize fundraisers and partnerships with local restaurants in addition to securing food donations for the annual overnight event. Additionally, I am a tutor for the Cavalier Academic Support Team where I specialize in tutoring student athletes in Statistics, Calculus and Social Psychology. I am the director of Big Sis week for my sorority, Delta Gamma, where I was responsible for organizing all of the activities and events that the new members attended prior to receiving their "big sisters" within the chapter. Finally, I volunteer with Madison House (UVA's biggest volunteer community) in a project called "Holiday Sharing" where we work to give presents and necessary items to the impoverished families around Charlottesville for the holidays. 

  I'm very excited to be learning all of these new data science skills and especially enjoy being able to apply them to real life. I'm eager to continue learning more and further improving my skill level within these programs.
